Add host filter for blazor hybrid routing (#26141)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/blazor/hybrid/routing.md

  
## .NET MAUI

> Add the event handler below to the constructor of the `Page` where the `BlazorWebView` is constructed. This would be `MainPage.xaml.cs` in the default `maui-blazor` template.

Reviewer: Though it's fairly clear what is meant here, I doubt most users would know the name `maui-blazor`, because it's only ever seen from the CLI. Most users by far use VS.

> Add the event handler below to the constructor of the `Page` where the `BlazorWebView` is constructed. This would be `MainPage.xaml.cs` in the default `maui-blazor` template.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add the following event handler to the constructor of the `Page` where the `BlazorWebView` is created, which is `MainPage.xaml.cs` in an app created from the .NET MAUI project template.
```

> Add the following event handler to the constructor of the `Page` where the `BlazorWebView` is created, which is `MainPage.xaml.cs` in an app created from the .NET MAUI project template.

Reviewer 2: Then, we should version it for 6.0/7.0. What we'll do is make a full copy of the topic for 7.0 and then use this added line in the 6.0 version of the topic. Would you like me to edit this directly for the update?

> Add the following event handler to the constructor of the `Page` where the `BlazorWebView` is created, which is `MainPage.xaml.cs` in an app created from the .NET MAUI project template.

Author: Yes please!

> Add the following event handler to the constructor of the `Page` where the `BlazorWebView` is created, which is `MainPage.xaml.cs` in an app created from the .NET MAUI project template.

Reviewer 2: I'll go ahead and put the update in and ping up back.
